chrore(containers): fix some issues (#6538)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/serverless-containers/reference-content/containers-autoscaling.mdx

The autoscaler decides to add new instances (scale up) when the number of concurrent requests defined (default is `80`) is reached.

> The same autoscaler decides to remove instances (scale down) to `1` when no more requests are received for 30 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same autoscaler reduces the number of instances (scale down) to `1` when no more requests are received for 30 seconds.
```
